l series is also full of av function
First of all terrestrial digital tuner visit to China a better antenna
Panasonic's original HDTV technology
By adoption of clear panel and led backlight
You can enjoy bright and vivid images
Conventional l series is hard disk navigation but it is good
New l series includes map data on 16 gb sd card
But because it has one more sd slot for entertainment
You can load now up to 4 times faster the music cd to share rice of the sd card
As it is sd audio format not mp3 or wma
After recording , you can enjoy in this room
If the optional connection cable is returned and iphone or ipod is connected
You can control the iphone ipod with touch panel
View album artwork and play medical care
saved to usb memory or cd r dvd r
mp3 wma
You can also play the music files of Lutheus Mobile
Original Takumi has subjected to Private cars tuning to further l series
Sound of interior and sound
The characteristics of the genuine speakers have also been adjusted
Professional tuned if you install the l series
I can enjoy the best sound
Large, beautiful and easy-to-see 8-bowl type wide vga
Touch panel that can be operated intuitively like a smartphone
From mounting panel to audio setting
Strada l Shili who was particular about Char
A large screen car navigation system that combines design and usability